# 100days
Udemy 100 days of coding refresher. It's been a little while since I've touched python, using udemy's 100 days of python to get back in the game! 

Day 1 - 21 May 23
Printing, Commenting, Debugging, String Manipulation and Variables
Well that was rather boring but good to my head wrapped around it again. I think it's more about remembering the basics and using git + manjaro + pycharm on a daily basis so I'll be ready in 10ish months to put these skills to use. Fun stuff, it's a little late in the day otherwise I'd do some more. Time to hang out with the kids, they want to watch the next Avengers movie..! Or maybe I do, and they're just along for the ride?

Day 2 - 22 May 23
Integers
I should really do this at the beginning of the day. I've got way more energy, the kids are at school, and the boss is cool with me learning during down time. Once CEH is over, I'll be able to dedicate more time to this. Great to re-familiarize myself with the basics. Trying to gain a solid understanding of what python does behind the scenes and why so I can have a strong foundation. The hard stuff will come, it's good to have the easy days while things are so hectic right now. Maybe I'll get a jump start on day 3 later tonight - wish I could just do this all day

Day 3 - 23 May 23
Conditionals
Made a fun little text based game. I mean it's nothing cool, but reminded me of some of the old Kings Quest games. I remember being amazed at the "graphics" and the cool adventures you could go on / things you could do. Of course it was all pretty limited but you didn't really see that then. The folks at Sierra Entertainment did an awesome job of captivating the gamer and really getting them into this silly semi-graphical world with text based inputs. Man how gaming has evolved.

Day...22? 27 Dec 23
Classes, Inheretance, and Instances
Man, time flew by. I'd be done by now had I stuck with this every day, but here we are. There are always distractors, life events, kids, soccer practice, etc etc etc. The homelab is its own beast, and figuring out how to peak into malware or really any binary is another huge topic. But python is an important tool, so we need to finish this. I had to rely a lot on the videos, this is a very perishable skill. I don't want to go more than a day or 2 day without doing this again. Pong and Snake were fun to make - hey that rhymes. It all seems so simple, and stuff comes back pretty quickly. I'm playing catch up, so I'll continue to rely on the videos for the next few lessons, but as I get more comfortable I'll go without them and just try to build whatever the project is. I suppose that can be considered a little backward thinking. Usually its the forcing you to think that reinforces learning, but I know my learning style / capabilities, and to be honest I'm on a time crunch so that plays into it as well. 
